# AndroidApp
CSC 415 Semster Project 
I have chosen to write an android app that imports important dates from your calendar and Facebook such as Birthdays, Anniversaries and Events. The app will notify the user to send a preset text message or email on your behalf on that day directly from the app.  The app will be able to interpret events and pick a preset message for that specific event, for example if Facebook says its someone’s birthday the app will pull that data and understand it is a birthday and automatically choose the preset message pertaining to birthdays. Although the app will choose a preset text or email based on the data it pulls the user will be able to change the default messages sent for events or send custom messages entirely. The app will also allow users to set custom dates independent of your calendar and Facebook so that events that are not on a calendar or Facebook are not excluded. Users should also be able to toggle notifications from the app so that notifications do not duplicate. This app allows forgetfully people to never forget to send a message to important people on significant dates. To me this project is interesting because I am a forgetful person and although I remember important dates I forget to send messages to people on those dates. This app, I hope, will help forgetful people like me. During this project I will learn a lot, since I only know java and C++. I have never had to use graphics interfaces nor have I ever used android studio. I hope to learn a lot and quickly but I want to start off by developing and app that just imports dates for the calendar and interprets them and reminds users that they have to send a text for an event. Then I hope to work on sending a message in app based on the event and finally I will add functions such as importing Facebook events. I broke it down like this because I have never done such a large project nor have I done anything with android studio before so I plan to take this on in chunks to complete major functions of this project in the scope of the class and then finish it on my own time. I have had this idea for a while and I have never seen it done before so its something that interests me a lot. If I find it feasible I would like to do this for both android and iOS in the future. 
